Updated PR submission guidelines with issue references (#147)
pyOpenSci/lessons: contribute-open-source/pull-request.md

Once you've reviewed your PR and everything looks good, it's time to submit it.

> Add a descriptive title and write a brief description of your changes. Pull request titles should be concise and descriptive of the content in the pull request. Within the PR description, it is important to include `closes #` issue number or `addresses #` issue number so once the maintainer merges your PR, Github will close the issue number. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a descriptive title and write a brief description of your changes. Pull request titles should be concise and descriptive of the content in the pull request. Within the PR description, it is important to include `closes #IssueNumber` or `addresses #IssueNumber` so once the maintainer merges your PR, GitHub will close the issue automatically. 
```
